Actor Bios

Jahmone Duhaney (Edmund) is a Jamaican-American writer and actor. A former track star and Olympic hopeful, he holds a BA in Theater from Rutgers University and credits toward a Master of Divinity from Alliance Theological Seminary. Jahmone was most recently seen in I Died Today a solo memoir written and directed by two-time Emmy Nominee Greg Lavoi. I Died Today was a winner of the the Encore Producers' Award by the Hollywood Fringe Festival. This Spring Jahmone will be graduating form California Institute of the Arts (CalArts) with a Master of Fine Arts in Acting. He is grateful to be working with a great ensemble of artists and gives thanks to the Lord for continued blessings.

Amy Braddock (Angolina) is so grateful to be a part of the World Premiere of Talking Trees with this fabulous group of people. Amy studied the Meisner technique in the professional program at the Elizabeth Mestnik Acting Studio and has been a part of independent film in Los Angeles. Her most recent short film Noah, Come Home was accepted into the 2018 Cannes International Film Festival and the 2018 LA Shorts Film Festival. She was nominated for Best Actress in The Hole as part of the 2016 Los Angeles 48 Hour Film Festival which also earned a nomination for Best Film. She would like to thank her family and friends for their unconditional support and endless encouragement to continue to take the leap for what she loves.

Vince DonVito (Therapist) was born and raised in the Bronx, NY. He is currently shooting the Zom-Com feature You're Dead To Me and Black Coffee. Film credits include: La La Land, How To Beat A Bully, Promoted, Angels On Tap, Carlo, The Long Way, The Runaway, Giants, A Boxer’s Life, Danny Boy, Inequity, Behind The Blinds, Barney, Champion & The Pinhole Affect. TV credits include: Criminal Minds, The Toys That Made Us, Stalked by a Reality Star, CSI NY & Seinfeld. Theater: The Tragedy of JFK, Charlie Moose Makes His Move, Monster, The Odd Couple, Fixing Frank, As Is and American Buffalo. Vince is a 5th degree Black Belt and also saves 4-legged lives at Boxer Rescue Los Angeles.

Ray Tezanos (Thomas) Please stand by for this

Lindsay Seim (Woman) spent her childhood roaming the wide open spaces of Nebraska and watching inappropriate amounts of The Price Is Right. As a direct result, she frequently occupies herself by ranking household items according to their Actual Retail Prices. She’s song-and-danced it as a Disney cast member, rapped with Sticky Fingaz & may or may not have once played “seven minutes in heaven” with one of the Kids in the Hall. (He may or may not have tasted like flannel and bad decisions.) Love and many thanks to Marjorie for her passion and magic.

Barbera Ann Howard (Mrs. Claudfeld) is so happy to be in this production of Talking Trees. Recent plays she’s privileged to have performed in: The Columbine Project and Hard To Believe both at the Loft Ensemble, the award winning show My Big Gay Italian Funeral, A David Lynch Christmas Carol, Group and Robin Hood: A Lady In Waiting all at Defiance Theatre Company. Barbera has been performing improv for 40 years and can be seen in numerous TV commercials, soaps, short films & web series and had a recurring role on American Dreams. She recently received the Best Supporting Actress Award at the Seoul Korea WebFest for her portrayal of Cookie Davis-Crabtree in the web series The Doll.


Crew bios

Lonnie Hughes (Writer/Producer) began his career at MTV Networks, while pursuing a psychology degree at Adelphi University. Recruited as an on-air dancer, he transitioned into an executive role in casting, while gaining exposure for his performances on the hit show, CLUB MTV. He became a network spokesman, representing the show in live and television appearances, including The Ace Awards, The Joan Rivers Show, Rick Dees, Into the Night and The Phil Donahue Show. Mr. Hughes soon became a regular entertainer for private events, on-air interviews, and publications, including People Magazine, The Daily News and Post Newspaper.  Building on his experience as an entertainer, leader, and entrepreneur, Mr. Hughes brought his brand of authentic inspiration to the entertainment industry.  In addition to appearing in TV series and movies, including E.R., Mad Men, and Desperate Housewives, he began writing and developing strong minority voices in several screenplays and a novel, Hollywood Junkie. He produced and directed Hollywood Junkie as a 10-minute short film called Anonymously Famous, which was featured in Talent in Motion Magazine, garnering him the title “The Renaissance Man.”  He has been a co-director on several projects, including Driven, and most recently completed a provocative coffee Table book, When Was the Last Time You were Nice to Someone with illustrations and interviews from random strangers. Talking Trees is Mr. Hughes’  first full length play. Lonnie’s strong belief in collaborating comes from his Caribbean grandma, summed up in this catchy phrase: ”One hand washes the other but two hands wash the face.”  He looks forward to being of service.

Marjorie LeWit (Director) is a director, actor, playwright and screenwriter from NYC. She has been working in theatre in Los Angeles for the last 4 years, working for some time with Defiance Theatre Company as the Associate Artistic Director where she earned a NoHo Fringe Award for 2017’s F*ck Fiction and was nominated for 3 Valley Theatre Awards for Best Director of a Play (2018), Outstanding Actress in a Play (2017) and Best Sound Design of a Play (2018). Most recent stage directing work includes A David Lynch Christmas Carol, F*ck Fiction and Group. Film works include the Proof of Concept Stronger Than Pretty, which showed at the Indie Film Lounge in Park City during Sundance Film Festival, the short documentary Inner Warrior which meets victims of trauma and PTSD, and the music video Jane Eyre for the 2017 Kleban Award winner Daniel Zaitchik. She has collaborated with Dante Russo on several projects including the Web Series Wiener & Wiener, music videos for DanceOn and most recently the short film Grief. Meeting Lonnie and working on this play has been a gift and she hopes to work with Lonnie over and over again in the future.

Cameron Stark (Assistant Director/Stage Manager) Please stand by for this

Joe Trupiano (Company photographer/Lighting Designer) Please stand by for this

Effy Yang (Scenic Designer) Please stand by for this
Jasmine Fontes (Costume/Wardrobe Supervisor) is a huge tree enthusiast (trees of all sizes). Hailing from the wilds of the Pacific Northwest, she has climbed many a tree, danced under falling leaves and forded more than one river. With an MA under her belt, she took the long train to California where she found a rolling rack, some hangers and a bag of clothes. This will be her second production with Marjorie: Jasmine starred and assisted with wardrobe in A David Lynch Christmas Carol.

Danielle (Kiko) Yasuda (Choreographer) believes that the beauty of dance is that it can break down barriers with people you might never even meet. Music has always been her driving force and she strives to find that space where music and body perfectly intersect in order to better reflect each other and stir some kind of emotion or reaction from the viewer. She has been dancing/choreographing in Los Angeles for the past 7 years and some of her current projects include music videos for Adventure Club and Princess Eze and helping to curate a full length dance experience entitled “Hyperventilate.” She last worked with Marjorie, choreographing for A David Lynch Christmas Carol.

Megan McGrorty (PR) has been involved in theatre since childhood. She’s a marketing and development consultant for arts organizations and progressive political candidates. She currently is producing and directing a documentary about women running for office called Why She Runs and has two narrative projects in development. She has done theatrical PR the productions of A David Lynch Christmas Carol and How to Handle Dead Girls. She’s honored to be part of such a talented team!